"Well?" Goliss smiles at you from across the table in the Barsoom
Lounge. "Thanks to you, we did it. We stopped whatever that virus thing was,
or I guess it was a bacteria thing. Your sequence finder worked
perfectly. Those guys in biomed can't stop telling me how amazing it
was!". She smiles again and then takes a sip from her tea. The Martian tea
plants are just now starting to produce some decent leaves so Martian tea is
the latest craze at all of the stations.

"But biomed isn't the only one to notice your skill. It turns out the Van
Halen wants to talk to you about their emergency dispatch system. And, well,
they've asked me to work with you to see if we can't fix the problem." She leans
forward with a glint in her eye. "There's a rumor that if we are successful
with this, I'll get promoted to Van Halen Director! And I'm bringing you with
me!"

Leanning back, you sip your own cup of Martian tea. It's got a unique, but
good, flavor. Visions of working at the central headquarters fill your
head. No longer stuck working on boring number crunching or for that stupid
Amin guy. You'd get to work on the leading software everywhere on the
planet. In fact, you'd even get to create and launch your own projects. You
grin despite trying to keep a calm demeanor.

"The emergency system? What sort of problems are we talking about?"

"I think it's just an efficiency problem. Ever since landing, any emergency
requests from the various stations could be handled by hand. But with the
population increases, Van Halen says they are getting several hundred requests
per day now. They can't sort through them and respond appropriately quickly
enough. They want a system that will handle the dispatches automatically."

"I'd be writing their emergency dispatch software?"

"Not quite yet. They first want a simulation, just to see how it will
work. They said they can send me the system constraints and some sample data
to work with."

This sounds pretty good to you. It is definitely more interesting than the
work you have been doing. You nod to Goliss. "Yep, let's do this. By the way,
if you do get that director job, what will you do with Williams?"

Goliss's face sours for a second then a dangerous smiles spreads across
it. "Well, I can guarantee you that he won't be happy. I've got some ideas..."

You shake your head with a smirk. "He crossed the wrong person. I can see
that."

You both stand up from the table and head to the lift. Goliss explains that
she'll be sending you the data files. You promise her that you'll have an
initial draft of the program finished in a few days.

When you get back to your work desk you settle into your current boring
assignment when Amin comes up to you. Amin Shashtar took over as your
supervisor just two weeks ago and it hasn't been pleasant. He used to work for
Williams but lost his job when Williams was demoted. He mostly blames that on
you.

"Taking a long break today, I see." he whines and sneers in your direction. "I
saw that you were meeting with that nasty woman Goliss."

You react with disgust. "I'm not hourly, you know. I don't have to check in
for breaks. And who I meet with is my own business."

"Yeah?" Amin rolls a chair right up to yours and slides into it. "But when
you're not getting your job done, then it's my problem that I get to deal
with."

"Not getting my job done? What are you talking about?" You try to keep your
voice low. "I've completed every assignment on time and with no errors."

"That's not the way I see it." A dark look crosses Amin's eyes. "You are
supposedly this crack programmer but all I see is a mediocre hack just getting
by. Sure, you finish everything on the due date but if you were such hot
stuff, you could do it earlier. So by my thinking, you're not getting your
work done as fast as you could. Either that or your just lying to all of us
about your skills. Which is it?"

You looked shocked at Amin. "So you're saying that since I don't finish early,
I'm not finishing on time?"

"You're the one who said it." A snarky smile turns Amin's thin lip up at the
corner of his mouth. "I mean, unless you've been faking it this whole time."
Amin puts his palms on his thighs and straightens his shoulders. Even sitting
at full height the chair looks too big for him. "I guess I'm just going to
have to report you. Oh, and Bartos over there found some easter eggs in your
code. Looks like you were trying to sabotage the life support system at
Alabama."

You glance over to Bartos's desk and he keeps his head down to avoid looking
at you.

"Are you serious?" You stop trying to keep your voice low. "You know full well
that I didn't do any such thing!" You stand up and push your chair back. Amin
also stands but his eyes are only at your chest level. A scowl is on his face
and he pokes you in the chest with a finger.

"You and Goliss are a disgrace! Always meddling around with other people's
lives. You should have left us alone on Boston." He nearly spits the words
out. "Now you will do your job here, and quickly, or I'll make sure you're
finished on Mars." He moves his finger to point at the chair as if ordering
you to sit back down.

"Seriously? You think I take you seriously?" You look around the computer
lab. Everyone else is awkwardly pretending not to notice the
confrontation. You make a decision.

"You know what? I'm quitting. You can find someone else to pretend to be the
boss over. I'm done. And," you put your finger right into Amin's face, "and,
and, well, I can't say. But a few weeks from now, things are going to be very
different for you. Very different!"

You storm out of the lab and slam the door on the way out. You hope that
Goliss is right and she can get that Van Halen job.


